Project GREENOUT: Greenhouse Gas Elimination

After scrolling through several Breakout variants online, I was still most interested by the first one listed on Professor
Duvall's website: Circus.  This version puts a spin on the dry game of Breakout by giving the game a story.  Rather than
mindlessly break bricks, players help 2 performers pop balloons as they launch each other off a seesaw.

I wanted to provide my Breakout project with a story that is pertinent to modern times, and I ultimately settled on
designing my game around climate change.  Players will control a raft from the UN Project GREENOUT initiative that sits
in various bodies of water around the world as it bounces a state-of-the-art device into the sky to rid the atmosphere
of greenhouse gases. The five levels will take place in the five major oceans: Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, Arctic, and Antarctic.
Different types of blocks will be scattered in unique configurations to each level, and a timer will count down 3 minutes
per level.  Players will also have 3 lives.

There will be four types of blocks in Project GREENOUT. The first three types of blocks will represent the three major
greenhouse gases: CO2 (Carbon Dioxide), CH4 (Methane), and N2O (Nitrous Oxide).  The CO2 blocks will be the most basic
and the most common, breaking after a single impact.  CH4 is the second-most abundant greenhouse gas in the atmosphere,
and these blocks will accordingly require two hits before they break.  N20 will follow this pattern, requiring three hits to break.
The latter two blocks will become increasingly common as the levels go on.

The fourth type of block will be "Satellite" blocks.  Satellites occasionally fly through the atmosphere, and destroying
one will release more toxins into the environment (in the form of more blocks).

Occasionally, blocks will release power-ups which can be caught as they fall toward the water. 'Strength' power-ups will help
your raft bounce the ball with more power on each turn (every hit will count as 2 hits for 20 seconds).  'Money' power-ups
extend the length of your mission (extending your time remaining by 1 minute).  'Speed' power-ups result in the paddle moving
at a faster speed for 20 seconds. 'Device' power-ups add an extra ball to gameplay.

My paddle (raft) abilities include bouncing the ball in a specific direction based on where it lands, being able to 'jump'
upwards on the spacebar being pressed, and changing size as levels increase (getting smaller).

Some cheat keys I plan to include are:

A- All blocks can now be destroyed with one hit
M- Add a minute to the timer
C- Clear all blocks in the current level
L- Add an extra life
R- Play R.I.P. SCREW by Travis Scott (Press to start and stop)
S- Take the player directly to the secret level (see below)


Finally, my substantial "extra" feature will be a secret level that begins after the Game Over screen has been displayed
for 10 seconds.  During this post-game level, the view shifts downward and the raft bounces balls into the ocean to destroy
trash on the ocean floor.  There will be equivalent blocks to the four described above (although they will appear differently
underwater), and the game configuration will be upside down (with the raft sitting on top of the water and the blocks
resting on the floor).  I believe this is a substantial edition because it puts a unique spin on the game by flipping it
upside down.

GameManager:

Levels:
-Percentage probability for each type of brick
-2D array of bricks
-Percentage probability of power-ups
-Background image
-Satellite probability
-lives remaining
-timer